you know I think that I think that
that's where they're going but the
business has gotten so uh he's gotten so
worse it's so spotty
you know like the business is real spot
in it's that's just and it's nobody's
fault it's just I think it's just the
evolution of of what's happened but at
the same time like I can't I can count
like really
I thought Hogan stoled it with vents
I thought Hogan stood WrestleMania with
with the rock you look at the matches of
the guys that actually still the mania
is it's never the guys that that do it
it's always the guys tell story and you
know I don't know how many of you guys
watch WrestleMania but Shawn Michaels
played such a pivotal part in what he
did just on facials the story that he
told and of course you've got to know
how to tell that story you've got to be
able to tell that truck that at this
point make sure you catch my facial
because I'm going to doing this and you
to tie all those pieces yeah that's
thing is it's a lot of guys are
incredible technicians but they just
haven't learned
you know the I guess the old saying was
don't work harder work smarter you know
you'll always get if you go out there
and put it back a puppy's in the middle
ring instead of on fire you'll get a
reaction now if you you know if you jump
through a plate-glass window you'll get
a reaction I look at like Mick Foley
when when he took that that Beale off
the cage
you know we're pro wrestlers and what we
do the art of what we do is war it's
work and back when I broke in you work
300 days a year so you sure as hell
couldn't take a chance to - it was no
guaranteed money I was just looking at
my first contract I got the WWE and my
guarantee was I was guaranteed 10 dates
and a hundred and fifty dollars that was
my I was my first contract with the WBA
and guys were like pissin and moanin
that we were having to split hotel rooms
at TNA and we got paid $50 for TV which
is all in the Northeast and they did pay
your rental car didn't pay your hotel to
pay your food
you paid 50 bucks catering with
sandwiches and just like and this is
your this is top guys this isn't me this
is everybody from opening mash the main
event
we got paid 50 bucks that's what you got
your TV and so I mean the business has
changed but it's like it's like it's you
guys that have to go somebody has to
change it from a spot just a bunch of
spots to tell them stories of it because
that's I mean that's there's a reason
why why the old-timers are still been
helped there's a reason why a 52 year
old guy can still come back in the
business and get another ride you know
it's not as sure as hell isn't because
I'm athletic suicide because I can do
something off the top rope I'm not going
to have a lucha to a match I mean you
pretty much know I'm gonna do 500 motors
and that's what I do three of them
fucking five times and if you say what
do you got big boo
shit in the corner sidewalk slam Joe I
give you snake eyes I'm pretty much out
of shit you know it wasn't like yeah I
was like I worked an arm for fucking 15
minutes or any
back in the day I got the port happy
grabbed the bear hard to like tied to
the old the hill days and he grabbed
bear hug immediately going to the boring
I remember got run to this town we
should run that old Civic Center it's
working but still around here whatever
but the torn down
yep that old one and you know the
Philadelphia crowds were just brutal I
was like doing stand-up on a cruise ship
I mean it was just God and he was well
since then there's nothing worse on
earth than being put in a position we're
like you looked the part but you suck
and you know you suck in your green this
is back when they would send the rough
read back and forth and you had a heel
locker room and a baby-faced locker room
so that you couldn't yeah that is
nowadays I I would sit in the locker
room now and like I'd have an anxiety
attack because I'd be like they're just
talking a mile a minute look right there
I'll take a breath I did it in a life i
dude I don't remember what I had for
breakfast
hike I was just sit there no six man I
said sit then I go excuse me
you tell me when I'm coming in and I
hope it misses that you're coming in
there I go okay let me just get that
because I know they're not going to
deviate from it you know but you know
what you do go out there with a bunch of
guys that they can't call and work and
go out there purposely fuck some shit up
go out there and if I could look at a
guy go where are we and then look at you
and go fuck uh well you've just taken my
timing away we were supposed to do this
but now we can and now I get that other
call something what you don't have
anything I'll cut you off whoa what was
that second hit instead of heat from I
got lost you didn't have anything I cut
off yeah